I think you on my honing it's gonna play
now whoops
spells trouble for Hickman we had to see
a cold deckhand happened but Dad Hickman
is about to be on the back end of some
awful cards in this particular format
candidates really hard to take it off of
this kind of situation big hair against
big pairs holding Queens I don't know
how it would be hard for me to fold
Queens in this form re-raises 20,000
more oh wow talk about cold air Queens
first Kingsburg I like this Suites
accolades for my sweet sugar for the
daddy release is one of the great
trappers of all time and probably sit
here for about seven minutes do you
think he's gonna move all in though is
there any reason that he might try and
smooth call here yeah if it's greed and
wants all the chips from both players as
it is a call air would be perfect
because then the Kings would come over
the top but I mean even if he does
re-raise all and can't that possibly
look like ace king yeah I mean Kings are
not gonna fold but greens can get off
the hook the fee was all-in and Kings
cause but Queens might call anyway I
don't know if I've ever seen this before
Queens verse King's verse aces in the
same hand looks like he's having a very
difficult decision with his pocket jacks
and the Oscar goes to I was trying to
worry like this I mean how many pocket
pairs are out here many that's amazing
it's got very fortunate for Dale hoi and
johnny huston that the they don't have
to stick a chip in the pot but what is
oh man he thinking right now thank you
lord give me another one he likes this
and for sure
we could see a triple all in man he's
asked for a count I mean he's a
conservative guys wearing a blue blazer
for clothes Kings folding case would be
a big mistake and if you start trying to
second-guess yourself trying to make big
lay down with King to just know you're
just not doing the things right yeah I
know that's what Dan Harrington says in
this book he says listen it doesn't
matter don't fold Kings if the guy gets
aces you can dog him anyway this table
absolutely silent but three hearts are
going to flap-flap-flap and I wonder
what does Hickman is thinking is was
think about that too because this best
trouble for him because because of the
boat opponents are thinking so long he
thinks his queens are probably good he
thinks maybe I'm up against a skiing ace
king or a seen jacks so I think he's
he's gonna put the chips in as well oh
my honey thank you right now for the
benefit of trying to get Hickman's
action or is he actually considering
that calacas might have aces he's
probably trying to get hikmah money as
well but no I was enough with acting put
the chips in the middle spin the wheel
funny thing is Maggie's only I could
tell you what you could do with them
right now whoa you trusted in six and
they were absolutely right
I've never ever seen Kings folded
preflop in this format before and I mean
that's one of the greatest lay downs
we've ever seen yeah one of the worst it
was a great lay down he had the
instincts that
calacas had a hand and he did so he was
right you can't take that away from the
guy ninety eight that a ninety nine
times it's the correct Newt to put the
chips in the middle but this time it was
correct to fold and he founded the great
play and he gives the trouble to Hickman
instead much easier to fold these Queens
call if O'Malley had folder and look at
this oh man he's gonna Pat himself on
the bat six ways to Sunday while Hickman
feels like he won of course we're liable
to see a few kings on the flop only good
news for Hickman here is that he's not
all in yeah but he's gonna be short
stacks unless the Queen comes it looks
like a ladies man that's the king bad
play punished proved right here poor
Dennis bodies just my first name
anything but a queen Hickman's drawing
2-2 cards here and that's it Oh third
place for achilles caucus with the two
aces what I had the Queen give him some
water wow that's tough deck is colder
than a polar bears freezer Achilles
khalaq has taken a long walk of the game
that was an amazing amazing head that's
inspired pass preflop but knowing that
you folded the winner will oh ma honey's
emotions come out Phil Hellmuth knows
something about that playing on